Fast Pair Locator Tag with the nRF54H20 DK support (#19470)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/fast_pair/locator_tag/README.rst

Device Firmware Update (DFU)
============================

The locator tag sample supports over-the-air updates using MCUmgr's Simple Management Protocol (SMP) over Bluetooth.

> The application configures the appropriate DFU solution in relation to the selected build target (see the table below for more details).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application configures the appropriate DFU solution in relation to the selected board target (see the following table for more details).
```

Author: fixed

The following DFU solutions are supported in this sample:

* The :ref:`MCUboot <mcuboot:mcuboot_ncs>` bootloader solution.
  See the :ref:`app_dfu` user guide for more information.
* The Software Update for Internet of Things (SUIT) solution.
  See the :ref:`SUIT <ug_nrf54h20_suit_dfu>` user guide for more information.

To enable the DFU functionality use the ``SB_CONFIG_APP_DFU`` sysbuild Kconfig option.

> This option is enabled by default if the build target configuration has enough memory to support it (see the table below to learn about unsupported configurations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option is enabled by default if the build target configuration has enough memory to support it (see the following table to learn about supported configurations).
```
Since the table describes about different configurations.

> This option is enabled by default if the board target configuration has enough memory to support it (see the following table to learn about supported configurations).

Reviewer 2: `.. if a supported DFU solution is configured` ? (if we stick with our previous approach)

   The sample sysbuild configuration option enables the Device Firmware Update (DFU) functionality.
   The value of this option is propagated to the application configuration option :ref:`CONFIG_APP_DFU <CONFIG_APP_DFU>`.
   On multi-core devices, it adds the Kconfig fragment to the network core image configuration which speeds up the DFU process.

>    This option is enabled by default if the MCUboot bootloader image is used (``SB_CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT``) or if the chosen board target is based on the nRF54H SoC series (``SB_CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX``).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   This option is enabled by default if the MCUboot bootloader image is used (``SB_CONFIG_BOOTLOADER_MCUBOOT``) or if the chosen board target is based on an nRF54H Series SoC  (``SB_CONFIG_SOC_SERIES_NRF54HX``).
```

Author: fixed, thanks

      #. Observe that **LED 2** is blinking, which indicates that the Fast Pair advertising is enabled.
      #. Perform DFU using the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:

         1. Generate the SUIT envelope by building your application with the FOTA support over Bluetooth Low Energy.
            You can find the generated :file:`root.suit` envelope in the :file:`<build_dir>/DFU` directory.
            Alternatively, you can use the generated :file:`dfu_suit.zip` package in the :file:`<build_dir>/zephyr` directory.
         #. Download the :file:`root.suit` envelope or the :file:`dfu_suit.zip` package to your device.

            .. note::
               `nRF Connect for Desktop`_ does not currently support the FOTA process.

         #. Use the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app to update your device with the new firmware.

            a. Ensure that you can access the :file:`root.suit` envelope or the :file:`dfu_suit.zip` package from your phone or tablet.
            #. In the mobile app, scan and select the device to update.
            #. Switch to the :guilabel:`Image` tab.

>             #. In the **Firmware Upgrade** section, tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the :file:`root.suit` envelope or    the :file:`dfu_suit.zip` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            #. In the **Firmware Upgrade** section, tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the :file:`root.suit` envelope or the :file:`dfu_suit.zip` package.
```

>             #. In the **Firmware Upgrade** section, tap the :guilabel:`SELECT FILE` button and select the :file:`root.suit` envelope or    the :file:`dfu_suit.zip` package.

Author: fixed

            #. Tap the :guilabel:`START` button.

>             #. Wait for the DFU to finish and verify that the application works properly.

Reviewer 2: You could also inform that:

```
      .. note::
         Support for SUIT updates is available starting from the following versions of the `nRF Connect Device Manager`_ mobile app:

         * Version ``2.0`` on Android.
         * Version ``1.7`` on iOS.
```

Reviewer 2: btw. Since the instructions here are copy-paste from nRF Desktop documentation, maybe we could move them to common place and use include here (similarly as we did for nRF52) ?

Author: I think we asked the Charon team for that

Author: @tomchy, where would be good place to put the general testing instructions for SUIT DFU so that we link them in this sample documentation and nRF Desktop documentation? (you can take a look on how it's done for MCUboot solution)

Author: This will be done as part of the following PR:

https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/pull/19557

Depending on the order of the merge, I will either align this PR or the linked one.

>             #. Wait for the DFU to finish and then verify that the application works properly.

Author: fixed

This sample uses following components for the DFU functionality:

* :ref:`MCUboot bootloader <mcuboot:mcuboot_ncs>` (for MCUboot-based build targets)

> * :ref:`SUIT <ug_nrf54h20_suit_dfu>` (for SUIT-based build targets)

Reviewer 3: build targets or board targets? (this is always difficult to me)

Author: should be board targets, I will fix that

Author: fixed
